[RN][New Architecture] Update Playbook with 0.72 changes (#3765)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/new-architecture-app-intro.md

:::

## Android - Enable the New Architecture

If you successfully updated your project to the latest version of React Native, you **already meet** all the prerequisites to use the New Architecture on Android.

You will only need to update your `android/gradle.properties` file as follows:

```diff
# Use this property to enable support to the new architecture.
# This will allow you to use TurboModules and the Fabric render in
# your application. You should enable this flag either if you want
# to write custom TurboModules/Fabric components OR use libraries that
# are providing them.
-newArchEnabled=false
+newArchEnabled=true
```

## iOS - Enable the New Architecture

If you successfully updated your project to the latest version of React Native, you **already meet** all the prerequisites to use the New Architecture on iOS.

> You will only need to reinstall your pods by runningpod install with the right flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will only need to reinstall your pods by running `pod install` with the right flag:
```

```bash
// Run pod install with the flags
RCT_NEW_ARCH_ENABLED=1 bundle exec pod install
```

## Running the App

It’s now time to run your app to verify that everything works correctly:

```bash
# To run android
yarn android

# To run iOS
yarn ios

> ```

Reviewer 2: We should provide `npm run` equivalents wherever possible throughout this diff.
You should use TabItems and Tab components to provide tabs for `npm` and `yarn`

In your Metro terminal log, you will now see the following log to confirm that Fabric is running correctly:

```
BUNDLE ./App.tsx
LOG Running "App" with {"fabric":true,"initialProps":{"concurrentRoot": "true"},"rootTag":1}
```

## Advanced - Pass your component in the interop layer

If you followed the previous steps but your app uses some custom Native Components that have not been migrated to the New Architecture completely, you are going to see some reddish/pinkish boxes saying that the component is not compatible with Fabric. This is happening because custom Native Components written for the legacy architecture can't run as-is in the New Architecture.

Starting from React Native 0.72, we worked on a interoperability layer to let you use legacy components in the New Architecture without having to wait for them to be migrated.

> <!-- TODO: Add link to the WG as soon as we publish it. -->

Author: updated
